We’ve had the struggle just to get by, but it’s nothing to be ashamed of.
Good times become good memories, but bad times make good lessons.
There are reasons each of us are born, we have to find those reasons.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Follow your passion and life will reward you.
It’s time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: who are you and what do you want?
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
Is it your own destiny? or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you?
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor.
Destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again.
No! zuko! you must never give into despair. you must never give in to despair, allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts.
Are you so busy fighting you cannot see your own ship has set sail?
A man needs his rest.
You have light and peace inside of you. If you let it out, you can change the world around you.
I was never angry with you. I was sad because I was afraid you’d lost your way.
You are going through a metamorphosis, my nephew. It will not be a pleasant experience but when you come out of it. You will be the beautiful prince you were always meant to be.
You are not the man you used to be. You are stronger and wiser and freer than you ever used to be. And now you have come at the crossroads of destiny. It’s time for you to choose. It’s time for you to choose good.
You must look within yourself to save yourself from your other self. only then will your true self reveal itself.
Goodbye, everyone, today, destiny is our friend, I know it.
Your critical decision – what you did beneath that lake. It was such a conflict with your image of yourself that you are now at war within your own mind and body.
There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is that you want from your life, and why.
At my age, there is only one big surprise left, and I’d just as soon leave it a mystery.
It is important to draw wisdom from many different places. if we take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale.
Perfection and power are overrated. I think you are very wise to choose happiness and love.
Sometimes, the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
There is nothing wrong with letting people who love you help you.
You sound like my nephew, always thinking that you need to do things on your own without anyone’s support.
While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing.
Who knew floating on a piece of driftwood for three weeks, with no food or water, and sea vultures waiting to pluck out your liver, could make one so tense!
It’s a lovely night for a walk. Why don’t you join me? It would clear your head. Or, just stay in your room and sit in the dark. Whatever makes you happy.
Who would have thought that, after all these years, I would return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace ...  as a tourist!
Zuko, it’s time we had a talk ... about your hair. It’s gone too far!
The only thing better than finding something you are looking for is finding something you weren’t looking for at a great bargain!
Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel. you can’t always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving, you will come to a better place.
Many things that seem threatening in the dark become welcoming when we shine a light on them.
In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself ... that is the meaning of inner strength.
Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it ... but if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see.
The stomach is the source of energy in your body. It is called the sea of chi. Only in my case, it is more like a vast ocean.